#!/bin/bash
quotes=("Despite the constant negative press covfefe ― Donald Trump" "I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs & knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!- ― Donald Trump" "Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble! - Donald Trump" "I think if this country gets any kinder or gentler, it’s literally going to cease to exist - Donald Trump" "We’re rounding ’em up in a very humane way, in a very nice way. And they’re going to be happy because they want to be legalized. And, by the way, I know it doesn’t sound nice. But not everything is nice. ― Donald Trump" "“What I won’t do is take in two hundred thousand Syrians who could be ISIS… I have been watching this migration. And I see the people. I mean, they’re men. They’re mostly men, and they’re strong men. These are physically young, strong men. They look like prime-time soldiers. Now it’s probably not true, but where are the women?… So, you ask two things. Number one, why aren’t they fighting for their country? And number two, I don’t want these people coming over here. ― Donald Trump" "I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words. ― Donald Trump" "We build a school, we build a road, they blow up the school, we build another school, we build another road, they blow them up, we build again. In the meantime we can’t get a fucking school in Brooklyn. ― Donald Trump" "It’s like in golf… A lot of people – I don’t want this to sound trivial – but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive… it’s weird. You see these great players with these really long putters, because they can’t sink three-footers anymore. And, I hate it. I am a traditionalist. I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist. ― Donald Trump" "I have a great relationship with African Americans, as you possibly have heard. I just have great respect for them. And they like me. I like them. ― Donald Trump" "The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA-infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great – but must suffer the consequences! ― Donald Trump" "It’s really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming! ― Donald Trump" "No matter what you do – guns, no guns – it doesn’t matter. You have people that are mentally ill. And they’re gonna come through the cracks. And they’re going to do things that people will not even believe are possible. ― Donald Trump" "Our country is in serious trouble. We don’t have victories any more. We used to have victories but we don’t have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let’s say, China, in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time. ― Donald Trump" "They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. ― Donald Trump" "When you see the other side chopping off heads, waterboarding doesn’t sound very severe. ― Donald Trump" "The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. ― Donald Trump" "Well, if I ever ran for office, I’d do better as a Democrat than as a Republican – and that’s not because I’d be more liberal, because I’m conservative. But the working guy would elect me. He likes me. When I walk down the street, those cabbies start yelling out their windows. ― Donald Trump" "I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. I’ve been challenged by so many people and I don’t, frankly, have time for total political correctness. ― Donald Trump" "To be blunt, people would vote for me. They just would. Why? Maybe because I’m so good looking. ― Donald Trump" "The line of ‘Make America great again,’ the phrase, that was mine, I came up with it about a year ago, and I kept using it, and everybody’s using it, they are all loving it. I don’t know, I guess I should copyright it, maybe I have copyrighted it. ― Donald Trump" "If Hillary Clinton can’t satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America? ― Donald Trump" "If you look at Saddam Hussein, he killed terrorists. I’m not saying he was an angel, but this guy killed terrorists. ― Donald Trump" "I never attacked him on his looks, and believe me, there’s plenty of subject matter right there. ― Donald Trump" "I’m the most successful person ever to run for the presidency, by far. Nobody’s ever been more successful than me. I’m the most successful person ever to run. Ross Perot isn’t successful like me. Romney – I have a Gucci store that’s worth more than Romney. ― Donald Trump" "[John McCain is]… not a war hero. He’s a war hero – he’s a war hero ’cause he was captured. I Like people that weren’t captured, OK, I hate to tell you. ― Donald Trump" "My favourite part [of Pulp Fiction] is when Sam has his gun out in the diner and he tells the guy to tell his girlfriend to shut up. ‘Tell that bitch to be cool. Say: Bitch be cool.’ I love those lines. ― Donald Trump" "While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct. ― Donald Trump" "Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on. ― Donald Trump" "Just tried watching Modern Family – written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny! ― Donald Trump" "I look very much forward to showing my financials, because they are huge. ― Donald Trump" "The concept of shaking hands is absolutely terrible, and statistically I’ve been proven right. ― Donald Trump" "Sorry losers and haters, but my IQ is one of the highest – and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure, it’s not your fault. ― Donald Trump" "I think Viagra is wonderful if you need it, if you have medical issues, if you’ve had surgery. I’ve just never needed it. Frankly, I wouldn’t mind if there were an anti-Viagra, something with the opposite effect. I’m not bragging. I’m just lucky. I don’t need it. ― Donald Trump" "Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years! ― Donald Trump" "Russia will have much greater respect for our country when I am leading it than when other people have led it…If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability, because we have a horrible relationship with Russia. ― Donald Trump" "I would bet if you took a poll in the FBI I would win that poll by more than anybody’s won a poll. ― Donald Trump" "[Kim Jong-Un] speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same. ― Donald Trump" "Nobody has better respect for intelligence than Donald Trump. ― Donald Trump" "We’re … increasing our budget by many billions of dollars, because of North Korea and other reasons, having to do with the anti-missile. ― Donald Trump" "Nobody knew health care could be so complicated. ― Donald Trump" "Show me someone with no ego and I’ll show you a big loser.― Donald Trump" "Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won’t see another black president for generations! ― Donald Trump" "If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country-I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses! ― Donald Trump" "Sorry losers and haters, but my IQ is one of the highest – and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure, it’s not your fault. ― Donald Trump" "An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama’s birth certificate is a fraud. ― Donald Trump" "Our great African American President hasn’t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore! ― Donald Trump" "Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a GQ shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin’ Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife! ― Donald Trump" "All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected. ― Donald Trump" "Certain guys tell me they want women of substance, not beautiful models. It just means they can’t get beautiful models. ― Donald Trump" "She does have a very nice figure… If [Ivanka] weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her. ― Donald Trump" "I would never buy Ivana any decent jewels or pictures. Why give her negotiable assets? ― Donald Trump" "I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke. ― Donald Trump" "As a kid, I was making a building with blocks in our playroom. I didn’t have enough. So I asked my younger brother Robert if I could borrow some of his. He said, ‘Okay, but you have to give them back when you’re done.’ I used all of my blocks, then all of his blocks, and when I was done I had a great building, which I then glued together. Robert never did get those blocks back. ― Donald Trump" "I’m intelligent. Some people would say I’m very, very, very intelligent. ― Donald Trump" "My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body. ― Donald Trump" "Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! ― Donald Trump" "I was down there, and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down ― Donald Trump" "I say, not in a braggadocios way, I’ve made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all around the world. ― Donald Trump" "I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose voters. ― Donald Trump" "You could see there was bloody coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her wherever. ― Donald Trump" "Why are we having all these people from shithole countries coming here? ― Donald Trump" "Who wouldn’t take Kate’s picture and make lots of money if she does the nude sunbathing thing. Come on Kate! ― Donald Trump" "Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it’s far too late. 1% in Nevada! ― Donald Trump" "I loved my previous life. I had so many things going. This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier. ― Donald Trump" "I won’t do anything to take care of them. I’ll supply funds and she’ll take care of the kids. It’s not like I’m gonna be walking the kids down Central Park. ― Donald Trump" "I’m a negotiator, like you folks. ― Donald Trump" "In life you have to rely on the past, and that’s called history. ― Donald Trump" "Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me ‘old,’ when I would NEVER call him ‘short and fat?’ Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend – and maybe someday that will happen! ― Donald Trump" "You know, I go to Washington and I see all these politicians, and I see the swamp. And it’s not a good place. In fact today I said we ought to change it from the word swamp to the word cesspool or, perhaps, to the word sewer. ― Donald Trump" "If you look at President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn’t make calls. A lot of them didn’t make calls. I like to call when it’s appropriate. ― Donald Trump" "North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the 'Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.' Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works! ― Donald Trump" "I’m the least racist person you have ever interviewed. ― Donald Trump" "China’s Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama’s reelection. They have never had it so good. Will own America soon. ― Donald Trump" "At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control! ― Donald Trump" "So they’re investigating something that never happened. ― Donald Trump" "What you’re seeing and what you’re reading is not what’s happening ― Donald Trump" "Remember, new 'environment friendly' lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful – the idiots who came up with this stuff don’t care. ― Donald Trump" "Thanks – many are saying I’m the best 140 character writer in the world. it’s easy when it’s fun. ― Donald Trump" "Whoever does not miss the Soviet Union has no heart. Whoever wants it back has no brain - Vladimir Putin" "Sometimes it is necessary to be lonely in order to prove that you are right - Vladimir Putin" "Those who fight corruption should be clean themselves - Vladimir Putin" "I have a private life in which I do not permit interference. It must be respected - Vladimir Putin" "Terrorism has no nationality or religion - Vladimir Putin" "We shall fight against them, throw them in prisons and destroy them - Vladimir Putin" "One has to be insincere and promise something which you cannot fulfill. So you either have to be a fool who does not understand what you are promising, or deliberately be lying - Vladimir Putin" "We need business to understand its social responsibility, that the main task and objective for a business is not to generate extra income and to become rich and transfer the money abroad, but to look and evaluate what a businessman has done for the country, for the people, on whose account he or she has become so rich - Vladimir Putin" "Everything will probably never be OK. But we have to try for it - Vladimir Putin" "I don't read books by people who have betrayed the Motherland - Vladimir Putin" "It's a historical phenomenon that in 250 years, a nation could move from a colony into the most prosperous nation of the world and the leader of the world. It is indeed an achievement, a tribute to the talent of the American nation, the American people and an optimal political and economic system - Vladimir Putin" "He who does not regret the break-up of the Soviet Union has no heart; he who wants to revive it in its previous form has no head - Vladimir Putin" "I think the American people should express their preferences, and we'll accept their choice - Vladimir Putin" "I was brought up in a very ordinary family, in fact, a worker's family. Both my father and mother were ordinary citizens - Vladimir Putin" "I think the international community should unite to fight such inhuman phenomena as terror attacks and the murder of totally innocent people - Vladimir Putin" "If you aspire to be a leader of your own country, you must speak your own language, for God's sake - Vladimir Putin" "Iraq is a small but very proud nation - Vladimir Putin" "I think every person should have some faith inside him, in his heart. What matters is not an external display of this faith, but the inner state of the soul - Vladimir Putin" "How does one control weight? By not overeating. How does one stay in shape? One plays sports. There are no magic pills here - Vladimir Putin" "Russian democracy is the power of the Russian people with their own traditions of national self-government, and not the realisation of standards foisted on us from outside - Vladimir Putin" "In the modern world, those who are weak will get unambiguous advice from foreign visitors which way to go and what policy course to pursue - Vladimir Putin" "A considerable share of the world's population still cannot afford comfortable housing, education and quality health care - Vladimir Putin" "It is necessary to suppress any extremist actions, on all sides, regardless of their origin - Vladimir Putin" "It is wrong to make anyone into an enemy; it is wrong to scare the people of one's own country with that enemy and try to rally some allies on that basis - Vladimir Putin" "I'm eternally grateful to fate and the citizens of Russia that they've trusted me to be the head of the Russian government - Vladimir Putin" "I go to the gym, I swim daily and from time to time I meet with friends and do extra-curricular stuff - Vladimir Putin" "We're no longer in the Cold War. Eavesdropping on friends is unacceptable - Vladimir Putin" "You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place - Vladimir Putin" "Terrorism has once again shown it is prepared deliberately to stop at nothing in creating human victims. An end must be put to this. As never before, it is vital to unite forces of the entire world community against terror - Vladimir Putin" "I am the wealthiest man, not just in Europe, but in the whole world. I collect emotions. I am wealthy in that the people of Russia have twice entrusted me with the leadership of a great nation such as Russia - I believe that is my greatest wealth - Vladimir Putin" "The Russian people have unilaterally made their choice in direction of democracy in the early '90s. They will not be led astray. Nobody should be having any doubts - Vladimir Putin" "No one should be allowed to violently trample on the law - Vladimir Putin" "The more intermediaries there are, the more problems there are - Vladimir Putin" "It's Russia some people would like to get rid of. They are still afraid of our nuclear deterrent. We have our own foreign policy whether they like it or not - Vladimir Putin" "Radicals can be found in any environment - Vladimir Putin" "If the nation is not capable of preserving itself and reproducing, if it loses it vital bearings and ideals, then it doesn't need foreign enemies - it will fall apart on its own - Vladimir Putin" "All attempts to appease the Nazis between 1934 and 1939 through various agreements and pacts were morally unacceptable and politically senseless, harmful and dangerous - Vladimir Putin" "I would like to draw your attention to the fact that in Russia, unlike in one third of the world's countries, being gay is not a crime - Vladimir Putin" "You need to put drones under control; you need to lay out certain rules of engagement in order to prevent or minimize collateral casualties. It is extremely important - Vladimir Putin" "No references to the need to fight terror can be an argument for restricting human rights - Vladimir Putin" "I believe that the presidential term should be limited - Vladimir Putin" "China is a great country with a great culture, populated by fascinating, industrious and talented people - Vladimir Putin" "Our military might is the guarantor of Russia's security and independence - Vladimir Putin" "Russia is a part of European culture. Therefore, it is with difficulty that I imagine NATO as an enemy - Vladimir Putin" "Terrorists are always a threat to someone. If we'll be scared of them, it means they have won - Vladimir Putin" "I swim almost every day, a thousand meters - Vladimir Putin" "If you want my personal attitude, I would tell you that I don't care about a person's sexual orientation - Vladimir Putin" "You can swim any way you like in the Dead Sea, actually - Vladimir Putin" "I have a very positive attitude to anyone who is protecting the environment, but it's inadmissible when people are using it as a means of promoting themselves, using it as a source of self-enrichment. I don't want to name any specific examples... but often, environmentalism is used to blackmail companies - Vladimir Putin" "I see that not everyone in the West has understood that the Soviet Union has disappeared from the political map of the world and that a new country has emerged with new humanist and ideological principles at the foundation of its existence - Vladimir Putin" "Demographers affirm that choosing to have a second child is already a potential choice in favour of a third - Vladimir Putin" "I spend a little time every day to play sports - Vladimir Putin" "As far as oligarchs who acquire sports team abroad, and invest money abroad, I wouldn't treat this phenomenon as something bad - Vladimir Putin" "Protest actions and propaganda are two slightly different things - Vladimir Putin" "Despite all the achievements of civilisation, the human being is still one of the most vulnerable creatures on earth - Vladimir Putin" "Thieves must sit in prison - Vladimir Putin" "I am not prejudiced in any way - Vladimir Putin" "President Obama hasn't been elected by the American people in order to be pleasant to Russia - Vladimir Putin" "Stalinism is linked with a cult of personality and massive violations of the law, with repression and camps. There is nothing like that in Russia and, I hope, will never again be - Vladimir Putin" "Millions around the world increasingly see America not as a model of democracy but as relying solely on brute force, cobbling coalitions together under the slogan, 'You're either with us or against us.' - Vladimir Putin" "I myself know some people who are gay. We're on friendly terms. I'm not prejudiced in any way - Vladimir Putin" "I think we should not control the Internet - Vladimir Putin" "It's alarming that military intervention in internal conflicts in foreign countries has become commonplace for the United States - Vladimir Putin" "History proves that all dictatorships, all authoritarian forms of government are transient. Only democratic systems are not transient. Whatever the shortcomings, mankind has not devised anything superior - Vladimir Putin" "Nobody and nothing will stop Russia on the road to strengthening democracy and ensuring human rights and freedoms - Vladimir Putin" "Libya is divided into tribes and clans - Vladimir Putin" "McCain fought in Vietnam - I think that he has enough civilian blood on his hands - Vladimir Putin" "Political activities in Russia should be as transparent as possible. Financing political activities from abroad is something the state should keep an eye on - Vladimir Putin" "I am convinced that the norm in Russia should become a family with three children - Vladimir Putin" "Voting Tory will cause your wife to have bigger breasts and increase your chances of owning a BMW M3 - Boris Johnson" "For 10 years we in the Tory party have become used to Papua New Guinea-style orgies of cannibalism and chief-killing - Boris Johnson" "She’s got dyed blonde hair and pouty lips, and a steely blue stare, like a sadistic nurse in a mental hospital - Boris Johnson" "Orientals… have larger brains and higher IQ scores. Blacks are at the other pole - Boris Johnson" "If a constituent came to my MP’s surgery with her face obscured, I should feel fully entitled… to ask her to remove it so that I could talk to her properly. If a female student turned up at school or at a university lecture looking like a bank robber then ditto: those in authority should be allowed to converse openly with those that they are being asked to instruct - Boris Johnson" "A pound spent in Croydon is of far more value to the country than a pound spent in Strathclyde. You will generate jobs in Strathclyde far more effectively if you invest in parts of London - Boris Johnson" "The continent may be a blot, but it is not a blot upon our conscience. The problem is not that we were once in charge, but that we are not in charge any more - Boris Johnson" "You know, £60m I saw was being spaffed up a wall, you know, on some investigation into historic child abuse - Boris Johnson" "it is absolutely ridiculous that people should choose to go around looking like letter boxes - Boris Johnson" "My chances of being PM are about as good as the chances of finding Elvis on Mars, or my being reincarnated as an olive - Boris Johnson" "Despite looking a bit like Dobby the house-elf, he is a ruthless and manipulative tyrant - Boris Johnson" "I don’t see why people are so snooty about Channel 5. It has some respectable documentaries about the Second World War. It also devotes considerable airtime to investigations into lap dancing, and other related and vital subjects - Boris Johnson" "I don’t know what a pint of milk costs. So what? - Boris Johnson" "I’m down with the ethnics - Boris Johnson" "I think I was once given cocaine but I sneezed so it didn’t go up my nose. In fact, it may have been icing sugar - Boris Johnson" "It was jolly nice. But apparently it is very different these days. Much stronger - Boris Johnson" "Why don’t you fuck off and die? - Boris Johnson" "No doubt the AK47s will fall silent, and the pangas will stop their hacking of human flesh, and the tribal warriors will all break out in watermelon smiles to see the big white chief touch down in his big white British taxpayer-funded bird. What a relief it must be for Blair to get out of England. It is said that the Queen has come to love the Commonwealth, partly because it supplies her with regular cheering crowds of flag-waving piccaninnies - Boris Johnson" "If you can’t turn the clock back to 1904, what’s the point of being a Conservative? - Boris Johnson" "This is going to be a fantastic year for Britain - Boris Johnson" "This is a moment when the dawn breaks and the curtain goes up on a new act in our great national drama - Boris Johnson" "I was at a hospital the other night where I think there were actually a few coronavirus patients and I shook hands with everybody, you’ll be pleased to know, and I continue to shake hands - Boris Johnson" "From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction – you must stay at home - Boris Johnson" "I’m working from home and self-isolating, and that’s entirely the right thing to do.  - Boris Johnson" "I have today left hospital after a week in which the NHS has saved my life, no question. It’s hard to find the words to express my debt - Boris Johnson" "The colossal expansion in the numbers of female graduates is in many ways a marvellous thing; but it has boosted the well-documented process of assortative mating, by which middle-class graduates marry middle-class graduates and thereby entrench their economic advantages, pooling their graduate incomes to push up house prices and increase the barriers to entry for the rest - Boris Johnson" "The result is that in families on lower incomes the women have absolutely no choice but to work, often with adverse consequences for family life and society as a whole – in that unloved and undisciplined children are more likely to become hoodies, NEETS, and mug you on the street corner - Boris Johnson" "Of course I am in favour of women working, and the world would be far nicer if women ran it, but I sometimes wonder if they – we – really want to work quite so hard - Boris Johnson" "Men and women express emotion differently…it should not be an offence to say that - Boris Johnson" "As I write these words there are semi-naked women playing beach volleyball in the middle of the Horse Guards Parade immortalised by Canaletto. They are glistening like wet otters and the water is splashing off the brims of the spectators’ sou’westers - Boris Johnson" "We seek cities because there are a greater range of girls at the bar, of reproductive choice. But above all, talented people seek cities for fame. They can’t get famous in the fucking village - Boris Johnson" "Covid rules have been followed at all times - Boris Johnson" "All guidance was followed completely in No10 - Boris Johnson" "I'm sorry, but I'm just going to have to tell you: We followed the guidance at all times, and we will continue to follow the guidance at all times - Boris Johnson" "There was no Christmas party - Boris Johnson" "Everybody across politics should follow the rules - Boris Johnson" "If gay marriage was OK ... then I saw no reason in principle why a union should not be consecrated between three men, as well as two men; or indeed three men and a dog - Boris Johnson" "My speaking style was criticised by no less an authority than Arnold Schwarzenegger. It was a low moment, my friends, to have my rhetorical skills denounced by a monosyllabic Austrian cyborg - Boris Johnson" "The only reason I wouldn't go to some parts of New York is the real risk of meeting Donald Trump - Boris Johnson" "If we judged everybody by the stupid, unguarded things they blurt out to their nearest and dearest, then we wouldn't ever get anywhere - Boris Johnson" "We should celebrate immigrants and everything they do for our country - Boris Johnson" "I think, looking at it all, that we can turn the tide within the next 12 weeks and I’m absolutely confident that we can send coronavirus packing in this country - Boris Johnson" "My policy on cake is pro having it and pro eating it - Boris Johnson" "We cannot turn our backs on Europe. We are part of Europe - Boris Johnson" "I love swimming in rivers, and well remember once jumping in at Chiswick - Boris Johnson" "The dreadful truth is that when people come to see their MP they have run out of better ideas - Boris Johnson" "If people want to swim in the Thames, if they want to take their lives into their own hands, then they should be able to do so with all the freedom and exhilaration of our woad-painted ancestors - Boris Johnson" "Sometimes I can think of so many ways of expressing myself that I feel I'm an old typewriter, and too many keys come forward at once - and I get jammed - Boris Johnson" "It is easy to make promises - it is hard work to keep them - Boris Johnson" "It would be a sad day if we British stopped being cynical, but you sometimes wonder whether we overdo it - Boris Johnson" "I mildly sandpapered something somebody said, and yes it’s very embarrassing and I’m very sorry about it - Boris Johnson" "They've got a brilliant vision to turn Sirte, with the help of the municipality of Sirte, to turn it into the next Dubai. The only thing they've got to do is clear the dead bodies away and then we'll be there - Boris Johnson" "The best fate for Africa would be if the old colonial powers, or their citizens, scrambled once again in her direction; on the understanding that this time they will not be asked to feel guilty - Boris Johnson" "We drink more Italian wine than any other country in Europe - 300m litres of Prosecco every year. They are not going to put that at risk - Boris Johnson" "Napoleon, Hitler, various people tried this out, and it ends tragically. The EU is an attempt to do this by different methods - Boris Johnson" "Fuck the families! Fuck the families! - Boris Johnson" "let the bodies pile high in their thousands - Boris Johnson" "I want you to know that I have nothing against Orlando, though you are, of course, far more likely to get shot or robbed there than in London - Boris Johnson" "I lead a life of blameless domesticity and always have done - Boris Johnson" "London is — after Athens and Rome—the third most influential city in history - Boris Johnson" "What I really think about Banksy is I think he's a genius; he's a great artist, and I like his stuff. But he's got to accept it if, from time to time, someone will need to paint over his work - Boris Johnson" "I've always sort of thought that politics was a high and noble calling and a good thing to do - Boris Johnson" "London is a fantastic creator of jobs - but many of these jobs are going to people who don't originate in this country - Boris Johnson" "I'm not particularly politically correct, so I tend to reflect what I think are the terrible realities of life, which I think are, generally speaking, conservative - Boris Johnson" "It is possible to have a pretty good life and career being a leech and a parasite in the media world, gadding about from TV studio to TV studio, writing inconsequential pieces and having a good time - Boris Johnson" "Ping-pong was invented on the dining tables of England in the 19th century, and it was called Wiff-waff! And there, I think, you have the difference between us and the rest of the world. Other nations, the French, looked at a dining table and saw an opportunity to have dinner; we looked at it an saw an opportunity to play Wiff-waff - Boris Johnson")

RANDOM=$$$(date +%s)

thisquote=${quotes[ $RANDOM % ${#quotes[@]} ]}
    echo $thisquote


